We're able to keep our components alive with keep-alive here, now as it is kept alive, we lose the
destroyed lifecycle hook.
What if we wanted to react to the navigating away so that another component gets loaded? We do have
two lifecycle hooks to control if a dynamic component is currently visited,
so if it was activated or if we navigate it away, so if it was deactivated and that were the two names
of these lifecycle hooks.
So in the new component, I can implement them here,
the first one is deactivated,
this will be executed whenever we are on the component and load another one, another dynamic component,
so here I will simply log deactivated and the other hook is the activated method, well and that
obviously is called whenever we do load
this dynamic component here, so activated like this.
And now if we let this reload, let's go to new and you see activated gets executed
and when I click
author, we see deactivated.
So these are these two new lifecycle hooks we can use now.